Americans eat more shrimp than any other seafood. In 2023, the US imported 1.7 billion pounds of the shellfish. The demand for shrimp has helped create a thriving industry thousands of miles away. In the past decade, India has become one of the leading exporters of shrimp. But that comes at a cost. Indian shrimp is incredibly problematic for our environment and human rights as a whole. In the coastal town of Tolarev you, the associated press found dozens of women working barefoot inside a small unmarked processing shed. Here they peel the mouths of ice-covered shrimp, twist the heads, pull off the legs and pluck the tails. Some do the work with gloves, others barehanded. It's a common scene in Tolarev where women desperate to earn a living like penopatala ratnam will take whatever work they can find. Arugula baby is another daily worker. Baby is a widow who recently lost her son to liver disease. She's raising her granddaughters and paying off more than $8,000 in debt. She makes less than $4 a day peeling shrimp, $2 less than India's daily minimum wage. And Gani, Dr. Alvin for Nagar. I think you can do this if you want to do this. I don't want to do this if I want to do this. Do you want to do that? Workers like Baby say they pay her a cruder about 25 cents each day just a step foot inside the processing shed. Transportation is also deducted from salaries. They're paying in other ways too. According to a new report by the Corporate Accountability Lab, worker exploitation is common throughout India's shrimp industry. Workers are subjected to dangerous working conditions, often without appropriate protective gear, commonly developing frostbite. Because of this extreme temperatures like cold temperatures or too much of wetness, they'll be getting this fangirl infection. The totaljist Sushmita Mehta says on average, she sees 4 to 5 shrimp workers each day with skin problems. And with continuous change if they neglect, then they'll be amputation. The water is flowing down and the carabiner is coming out. The first one is in the first one and the other one is in the first one. The first one is in the first one. India's booming shrimp industry isn't just raising concerns about labor abuse. Local say it's damaging the environment too. Shrimpons have been dug into fields and mangroves, destroying ecosystems. The water is being dug. The first one is dug and the first one is in the first one. The first one is in the first one. The water is being dug here. We were digging the rojo bari and dug it. In 2014, construction began on a nearly 60 acre seafood processing plant in West Kauravari, prompting immediate protest from residents. Since opening in 2019, Koya Sampatthrao says that about 1-3rd of the 400 people in his village have moved out. It's a very bad thing. It's a very bad thing to be able to get a lot of money. It's a very bad thing to be able to get a lot of money. It's a very bad thing to be able to get a lot of money. About a mile away, residents are also feeling the impacts of the processing plant. The main issue is that if you don't have to do anything, you can't have the impact on the plants. Don't do anything. You can't do anything about the irrigation and irrigation plant. You can't do anything about the plant. You can't do anything about the plant. You can't do anything about the plant. India's dominance in the shrimp industry can be traced in part to what happened in Thailand. In 2015, an AP investigation found seafood sold in the US linked to human trafficking in modern-day slavery in Southeast Asia's fishing industry. We found that people were being forced to process shrimp in Thailand, held inside, locked up, not paid. And that reporting prompted a lot of change. For one thing, the processing centers where people were locked inside largely got shut down. As labor practices there improved, shrimp prices increased, and US importers started to look elsewhere. Now, India and Ecuador account for more than two-thirds of total US shrimp imports. Back in Tawaravu, where we found unsafe working conditions, we spotted shrimp being loaded into a truck with the brand Nekonti, painted in large letters. Nekonti is one of the largest seafood exporters in India. US trade records show it shipped 726 tons of farmed shrimp in the past year to major American seafood distributors. As we stated during our communications, we don't know. It's ours. Any processing. A spokesman says Nekonti leases out trucks to third parties during the slow months. But that's no under review. We will go have some conversations with those other parties and see how we can help them offer something better than, unfortunately, what you witnessed that day. But again, just for clarity, that's not our property and we don't control what goes on there. But managers at the small shed said Nekonti and other major brands often outsource labor and debts of work to keep down costs. At the recent North American seafood expo in Boston, 16 exporters were from India. What about the issues of concern that other people have about labor problems or environmental problems? I already told you earlier that we are committed to providing quality streams to US as per the requirements, regulatory requirements. The Indian shrimp industry has also been scrutinized for the use of antibiotics, which can lead to rising drug-resistant infections. Last year, the FDA refused entry of 51 shrimp shipments, citing antibiotics. 37 of those were from India. Regarding any human rights or labor abuses, global seafood alliance, which certifies responsible seafood practices in the supply chain, said it would be investigating. So it's a really terrible situation, just so that we can have the convenience of having pre-peeled shrimp. The food is very tasty, and the food is very tasty. The food is very tasty, and the food is very tasty. The food is very tasty, and the food is very tasty, and the food is very tasty. The food is very tasty, and the food is very tasty, and the food is very tasty. The food is very tasty, and the food is very tasty, and the food is very tasty. The food is very tasty, and the food is very tasty, and the food is very tasty.